>> Student: If you reload the page,
I'll see.
>> Kyle Simpson: Shift reload,
doesn't work.
>> Student: Not shift reload
cuz there's a hard reload.
>> Kyle Simpson: So the shift reload,
>> Kyle Simpson: Does work, I think I.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'm doing a double click.
And I think that, there is a race
condition with the service worker that's
causing that cuz, I'm not doing
anything else and then it's reloading.
So.
>> Kyle Simpson: But
if you just do a shift reload, it reloads.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Student2: A small question.
I see you went out of your
way to use the URL property
of the request object for the fetch.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeap.
>> Student2: But then we just use the rec
URL, variable in one of sorry,
in the cash put the cash matches.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
>> Student2: That's because for
the fetch we needed, we just wanted to be.
>> Kyle Simpson: In our case,
it wouldn't matter.
>> Student2: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: But if your URL that
you're sending off to the server had some
query parameters on it, and
you needed those to go to the server,
then you want the full thing.
But I don't wanna put all those
query parameters as my cache key,
because query parameters are so volatile
that I want to cache stuff at a main URL.
So, there's some nuance there about
what your requests look like.
Remember you're literally
programming a proxy.
So you have 100% control that
also means a 100% responsibility,
to think about these styles and
things you normally never think about.